README Team E.L.F. Engineers that Love Food Authors: Aravind Mahadevan Project Manager Xinwei Wang Software Development Lead Yuxiang Guan Software Architect Zhihua Gu Senior System Analyst Ziying Xue Business Analyst Jonathan HoYin Lam Quality Assurance Lead Kyle Leung Algorithm Specialist Chenghao Chen Database Specialist Siyi Ma User Interface Specialist Requirements: 1. PC/Mac device 2. Internet Connection How to Install: 1. Foodopia is a web application, you don’t need to install anything! 2. Just make sure you are using a PC/Mac and internet connection is available. How to Run: 1. Open your web browser. 2. Go to http://foodopia.herokuapp.com Test Accounts: 1. Populated account username: helloGary password: hiGraders email: elfsLoveGary@mail.com email password: hiGraders 2. Unpopulated account (Unregistered) username: whatsupGary password: hiGraders (You can decide yourself) email: foodopiaLovesGary@mail.com email password: hiGraders 3. Unpopulated Facebook account (Unregistered) Facebook username: elfsLoveCSE110@mail.com Facebook password: hiGraders email: elfsLoveCSE110@mail.com email password: hiGraders Restart Application: 1. If you are direct to error page which has Foodopia title in the up left corner, read the instruction on the page and click the title to get back to our main page. 2. If you encounter heroku Application error/failure, go the address bar and reenter http://foodopia.herokuapp.com to get back to our mainpage. If the heroku Application error/failure keeps popping up, contact ELFs technical support. Known Issues: 1. Sometimes the mlab website for the database is down for maintenance, we then cannot access user database. 2. Free herokuapp.com deployment may be down in a certain time of a day. 3. In some recipe pages, the center screen (which containing the cooking procedures) may ask you to sign up / log in to Yummly to gain access to the recipe procedure. 4. If you manually delete items from the shopping list, it will not display in the Always in my Fridge. (For example, if you have 5 tomatoes in your AlwaysinmyFridge functionality, it will automatically added to your shopping list. However, if you manually delete them from shopping list, it will not show again until you refresh the page). This is intentionally designed to prevent user from not being able to delete items from their shopping list. Every time you add Always in my Fridge items, when you consume items from virtual fridge, the difference from AlwaysinmyFridge items’ amount will reappear on your shopping list (when you do not have enough). 5. The filter is automatically applied to the search result when searching in the search result page, this is intentionally designed. 6. The create recipe page only allows at most 5 ingredients and 5 procedures, this is intentionally designed to keep database concise. User can add additional ingredients and procedures in additional comments. Technical Support: 1. Xinwei Wang (Xavier) Software Development Lead Telephone: (858)7668265 Email: xinweixavier@gmail.com 2. Chenghao Chen (Chen) Database Specialist Telephone: (858)7662080 Email: chc078@ucsd.edu 